c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\Bleedr.exe.config
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.g.resources
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.exe
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\obj\Debug\Bleedr.pdb
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\Bleedr.exe
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\Bleedr.pdb
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.dll
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.xml
c:\users\deus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bleedr\Bleedr\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
